listen I'm pretty new to this magical
franchise so you know I don't have that
bias like a lot of people did growing up
with it with it being nostalgia but
thanks to Skillshare I've literally
spent three weeks straight in the
Wizarding World re watching these movies
I have a whole video on the ending and
its theories already up might have one
covering the Boy Who Lived coming up but
as much as everyone seems to love the
original series I'm kind of surprised by
the reaction the new ones are getting I
don't know if it's because it's 2018 but
I've seen some people turn into
fantastic beasts yelling about this new
series online and in real life and
considering this thing is supposed to
have a five story arc and we're barely
on number two it sounds like people are
trying to make this the next divergent
for the next yandi trying to give it the
solo effect where it ends the rest of
the prequels but even with all of its
crimes against the franchise that I will
be covering I think there's some stuff
to like about it let me explain so
starting off with spoilers for the first
one we follow new - student mumbles more
than a soundcloud rapper he got kicked
out of the school as he's always
collecting these fantastic beasts and
he's pretty much a part of the wizarding
PETA he ends up in America where he's
trying to catch his magical Entei when
he loses a Psyduck and ends up getting
arrested by an undercover wizard
obviously Tina isn't gonna be the next
Hermione but you know I think she's
adorable here does look like a
watercolor brush from third grade but
look at those cute little beady eyes
like a salamander I think the problem
people have with the first one was the
shift between the UK setting and now it
being in America which is obviously
going to give it a different feel this
time you took care of the nomads what
they're no match no magic they're not on
wizard sorry we call the muggles well I
think it would be cool to have different
mini series that take place you know
they have enough world buildings so that
we can have an American Hogwarts a
Canadian Hogwarts you know I would love
to see Mexican Wizards making cotton
Asada's and cooking hogs with words but
if Kingsman can do it y'all have a way
bigger world to do that with afternoon
you would think that once he befriends
this human from Mouse hunts that he
would have an easier time catching these
animals but these to rule New York like
it's a Marvel movie until they both find
themselves in a fine frenzy
he was thinking first time they see me
that'll make you forget all this
witchcraft you've seen now if y'all
thought Eddie Redmayne was good in a
theory of everything wait till you see
my man get out of the wheelchair and uh
do whatever this is he's catching all
these animals until he gets caught and
gets accused of being the culprit that's
causing all of these disasters in
America see the people of New York are
tweaking because they feel that there's
these demonic chemtrails out there
there's this whole establishment
treating these kids like Cameron Post
because they believe them to be
possessed they're hitting them with
their own damn belts as someone who grew
up getting hit with la chancla bra this
is on a whole nother level of crude I
guess so the point I'd rather be as
Sabri knows which school that went this
be started appearing everywhere so Colin
Farrell's graves gets put on the task in
investigating Grindelwald and his crimes
and when der waals this dude who was
mentioned briefly in a deleted scene
from the first Harry Potter movie he's
like the OG Voldemort who carried out
the first Wizarding war against
Dumbledore and he's kind of supposed to
be the danos of this five arc series
once a human politician dies the magical
Congress ends up blaming it on Newt
saying that one of his animals did it
when in reality it was a stain called
and obscurus if you ever seen any action
movie the thing is practically the
Phoenix that takes over which is really
funny when you see how a Phoenix
connects things later on but it's this
parasite that takes over a young wizard
whenever their powers get suppressed
whenever they're going through a bunch
of traumatic events not even met a girl
who had one in Africa and even though
the little girl died somehow that thing
didn't Eddie Brock anyone else and he's
able to lock up the venomous spirit in
this briefcase to observe it however my
man can't say that someone planted it on
him
so they sentence him to death thinking
that it really is him and they're about
to be demolished before his little Groot
is able to get them out of there Queenie
is able to also rescue them and she
smuggles a muggle and uses the greatest
spell of them all sex appeal Roger
Miller is playing sad Ezra Miller and
he's this orphan that gets abused so
much that he makes harry's intros look
like a vacation everyone's talking about
his sister perhaps having the obscuri 'l
that's causing all these disasters when
they really needed to be talking about
credence grace is trying to get him on
his side for some reason newt is trying
to relate to him but after all this
antagonizing credence goals full venom
and wrecks like half the city before
dying
Gregson gets super pissy
and tries to leave when newt captures
one more beast and it ends up being
Johnny Depp at the end of the other one
they neuralyzed everyone with the rain
so you know New Yorkers were right there
are some damn chemtrails here Johnny
Depp who's committed more crimes than
Gellar does and this one goes to jail
but obviously escape since he's got a
contract till the fifth one and then we
end up following like six different
storylines
there's Newt who's trying to find Tina
after she believed he was getting
married to Letta Lestrange Letta who's
actually getting married to newts
brother which is bogus as hell
newts brother Theseus and the rest of
the pillars crossing of magic who are
hunting down Grindelwald Grindelwald
who's out with his olive oil partner
killing babies as he tries to find
credence credence who's out looking for
his mama I you my mother he said to the
hen a young Dumbledore who is Jude Law
just gonna put the word young over all
his roles even though my man is
forty-five years old now majority of the
movie is people either trying to find
Gellert or credence and I can see why
people look down on all of the random
stuff that happens in between I use this
whole 51st rape thing going on with
Queenie that came out of nowhere like
you ain't got to put a spell on this
dude for him to love you right he's he's
obviously yours and yet she's trying to
dupe him into marrying her even though
it's illegal to do it in America and for
whatever reason they don't go to the UK
where I'm pretty sure it's fine but
worse than that is later on in the movie
when the one person who can read minds
gets duped into following the bad guys
like at the end of the movie she ends up
joining Grindelwald even though the
whole reason she was siding with him was
because she wanted to marry her boo who
she just left behind what a lot of
people have also complained about the
random fanservice in the films which you
know considering I don't have that deep
of a nostalgia for it not all of it
bothered me you know I like the bits
where the dude who made the Sorcerer's
Stone appears he was funny and you know
seeing the Sorcerer's Stone for a bit I
thought was cool but I kind of get the
things around like Nagini like in the
original series this was just
Voldemort's snake that he carried around
with him since it was his Horcrux and
now all of a sudden she's a human that's
cool but like why does the snake get
more screen time than the human there's
also the
gotta go cambio which is confirmed by
the press release so you know those who
think it might be the mom or an answer a
clone now it's the main one but what's
weird about that is that if we're taken
with the book state she would have been
born in 1935 and this movie takes place
in the 1920s
could they be switching out the lore or
changing it for the movies probably or
you know maybe she's using that time
Turner thing that she gave Hermione and
she's just always going back to the
future but probably the funniest ones
the ones that I'm not even mad at but I
know some fans are furious about are all
the ones that deal with Dumbledore he
has this dark past in which he flirted
with Grendel false ideology I am
positive that there was a mutual respect
of one another's abilities and I'm sure
especially with Grindelwald or jealousy
so it may be a bitterness from having
such love and respect JK and Depp are
just skirting the game is like when you
reveal to your fan base that the
greatest Wizard of all time has locked
wants and then you suppress that hype
from them in the movies even though
they've been waiting to see it boy your
fans are gonna get possessed with their
own obscure iou's like they legit made a
Blood Pact in the movie they even tell
Dumbledore that they were like brothers
and he's like we were more than brothers
but then it's like it almost felt like
he was gonna follow that up with a but
no homo though I don't know maybe all of
this will be revealed later I just think
it's hilarious how the fans have gotten
on edge because they've been promised
this meanwhile the studio is like I
don't know if we have the balls to do
this in Walled pretty good question he
says Grendel Volta my sake Randall wolf
I dive straight in calling in
Grindelwald okay assuming because I had
this very good friendship with him that
I got it right and I said he just poor
Eddie Redmayne who plays obviously the
great news commander pointed out offered
through the film he said like all in
Grindelwald but it was too late this one
however I think is hilarious y'all got a
billion-dollar franchise and no one
corrected the man playing young
Dumbledore that he was pronouncing a
character's name wrong like yeah at the
end it ends up working now right because
it is a German name but Judah legit
admitted he had screwed it up however if
you've been following your boy Jude Law
since the early 2000s you know this guy
is quick and slick with his alibis
I think
because you know Albus knows him well
and at some point Galaga
can you please call me Grindelwald I'm
sticking at that dumb bull damn still
has it I'm not even gonna mention the
Johnny Depp debacle because I feel like
everyone already knows that stuff I will
say that I thought his performance was
alright and maybe that's because of the
depth to it like Grindelwald is supposed
to be so bad that he got kicked out of
the school that's known for siding with
evil so that's like to the point where
if the Vatican called out one other
priest then you know they did something
crazy even though he's a bad guy I'll be
honest it's something that I'm gonna be
talking about with Voldemort as well
these villains are smart like this
dude's rallying speeches which you know
I get the correlations but they're damn
near enticing everyone to join the fact
that he has one full lie yet almost
never blinks his creepiest how this dude
created his own Jail which is some good
fella chess move right there but
probably the biggest trick of them all
is the ending revealed that he delivers
when it turns out that Creedence is in
fact Dumbledore's brother
Dumbo what thank you guys for checking
out this video like I said I posted
earlier a whole video talking about the
Dumbo foolery and the ending and all the
theories leading with that so you could
definitely check that out right here but
I want to give a big thanks to
Skillshare we got a link down below
where you can sign up and gain access to
thousands of creative classes especially
those dealing with YouTube editing
filmmaking a bunch of that stuff and
while I can't personally promise
Skillshare courses on Wizarding spells
they are hooking it up for the first 500
people who sign up down below with our
link and you'll get two months of
Skillshare premium for free even more
than that though I know that we've been
getting a lot of people who want to take
like editing courses and stuff so we're
going to be providing a lot of the LME P
and G's that a bunch of you have been
asking for that you guys have been
requesting that way when you take your
Skillshare courses you can have this
element pack to edit an ala me short
film some of y'all have already sent me
some fanfiction and hopefully y'all keep
it family-friendly but it shot up the
skill shirt because they really are
great
service that you can use anywhere
they've been a big help to this channel
and signing up for free right with the
link below helps boost that as well but
let us know your thoughts down below on
this video on your thoughts on the
movies I'm curious do you guys like the
first better than the second do you guys
really think that these movies are
getting worse or are you still loving
the franchise let us know your theories
your favorite characters all of that
down below and until next time don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send you a scholarship to Hogwarts